Simplify / Revise How we show Weights in Docs (#1166)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/interoperability/xcm/core-concepts/weights-fees.md

Reviewer: Line 50 & 54 : [X-Tokens Open Runtime Module Library](https://github.com/moonbeam-foundation/open-runtime-module-library/blob/moonbeam-{{ polkadot_sdk }}/xtokens){target=\_blank} 

line 50: [`transfer_self_reserve_asset`](https://github.com/moonbeam-foundation/open-runtime-module-library/blob/moonbeam-{{ polkadot_sdk }}/xtokens/src/lib.rs#L699){target=\_blank}

line 54 : [`transfer_to_reserve`](https://github.com/moonbeam-foundation/open-runtime-module-library/blob/moonbeam-{{ polkadot_sdk }}/xtokens/src/lib.rs#L716){target=\_blank}

For all Moonbeam-based networks, the generic XCM instructions are benchmarked, while the fungible XCM instructions still use a fixed amount of weight per instruction. Consequently, the total weight cost of the benchmarked XCM instructions considers the number of database reads and writes in addition to the weight required for a given instruction. The Polkadot SDK has a breakdown of the relevant [RocksDB database weights](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/{{polkadot_sdk}}/substrate/frame/support/src/weights/rocksdb_weights.rs#L27-L28){target=\_blank}.

Now that you know the weight costs for database reads and writes for Moonbase Alpha, you can calculate the weight cost for both fungible and generic XCM instructions using the base weight for instruction and the extra database reads and writes if applicable.

> For example, the `WithdrawAsset` instruction is part of the fungible XCM instructions. Therefore, it is not benchmarked, and the total weight cost of the [`WithdrawAsset` instruction](https://github.com/moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam/blob/{{ networks.moonbase.spec_version }}/pallets/moonbeam-xcm-benchmarks/src/weights/fungible.rs#L36){target=\_blank} is `{{ xcm.fungible_weights.display }}`, except for when transferring local XC-20s. The total weight cost for the `WithdrawAsset` instruction for local XC-20s is based on a conversion of Ethereum gas to Substrate weight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `WithdrawAsset` instruction is part of the fungible XCM instructions. Therefore, it is not benchmarked, and the total weight cost of the [`WithdrawAsset` instruction](https://github.com/moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam/blob/{{ networks.moonbase.spec_version }}/pallets/moonbeam-xcm-benchmarks/src/weights/fungible.rs#L36){target=\_blank} is `{{ xcm.fungible_weights.display }}`, except for when transferring local XC-20s. The total weight cost for the `WithdrawAsset` instruction for local XC-20s is based on converting Ethereum gas to Substrate weight.
```

> {{ xcm.generic_weights.ref_time.mint_into_gas.numbers_only }} gas * {{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.weight_per_gas }} weight per gas = {{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.deposit_asset.numbers_only }}

Reviewer: {{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.deposit_asset.numbers_only }} - this one was removed

```

### Weight to Asset Fee Conversion {: #weight-to-asset-fee-conversion} 

> Once you have the sum of the `refTime` and `proofSize` values, you can easily retrieve the required commensurate fee amount. The [`queryWeightToAssetFee` method of the `xcmPaymentApi`](#weight-to-asset-fee-conversion) takes a `refTime`, `proofSize`, and asset multilocation as parameters and returns the commensurate fee. By providing the amounts obtained above of `{{ networks.moonbeam.xcm.transfer_dot.total_weight.display }}` `refTime` and `{{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.transfer_dot_total.display }}` `proofSize`, and the asset multilocation for DOT, we get a fee amount of `88,920,522` Plank, which is the smallest unit in Polkadot. We can convert this to DOT by dividing by `10^10` which gets us a DOT fee amount of `{{ networks.moonbeam.xcm.transfer_dot.xcdot_cost }}` DOT. 

Reviewer: {{ networks.moonbeam.xcm.transfer_dot.total_weight.display }} - doesn't exist in variable.yml

{{ xcm.generic_weights.ref_time.mint_into_gas.numbers_only }} gas * {{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.weight_per_gas }} weight per gas = {{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.deposit_asset.numbers_only }}
```

### Weight to Asset Fee Conversion {: #weight-to-asset-fee-conversion} 

> Once you have the sum of the `refTime` and `proofSize` values, you can easily retrieve the required commensurate fee amount. The [`queryWeightToAssetFee` method of the `xcmPaymentApi`](#weight-to-asset-fee-conversion) takes a `refTime`, `proofSize` and asset multilocation as parameters and returns the commensurate fee. By providing the amounts obtained above of `{{ networks.moonbeam.xcm.transfer_dot.total_weight.display }}` `refTime` and `{{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.transfer_dot_total.display }}` `proofSize`, and the asset multilocation for DOT, we get a fee amount of `88,920,522` Plank, which is the smallest unit in Polkadot. We can convert this to DOT by dividing by `10^10` which gets us a DOT fee amount of `{{ networks.moonbeam.xcm.transfer_dot.xcdot_cost }}` DOT. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the sum of the `refTime` and `proofSize` values, you can easily retrieve the required commensurate fee amount. The [`queryWeightToAssetFee` method of the `xcmPaymentApi`](#weight-to-asset-fee-conversion) takes a `refTime`, `proofSize`, and asset multilocation as parameters and returns the commensurate fee. By providing the amounts obtained above of `{{ networks.moonbeam.xcm.transfer_dot.total_weight.display }}` `refTime` and `{{ xcm.generic_weights.proof_size.transfer_dot_total.display }}` `proofSize`, and the asset multilocation for DOT, we get a fee amount of `88,920,522` Plank, which is the smallest unit in Polkadot. We can convert this to DOT by dividing by `10^10` which gets us a DOT fee amount of `{{ networks.moonbeam.xcm.transfer_dot.xcdot_cost }}` DOT. 
```
